Oh, I see.
You find a way to help me find Brother Jun
Can you act?
You stay here.
That Fei Ge is eyeing you
I'm afraid it will be dangerous for you to go
If it weren't for Brother Jun
I've died a hundred times in the park
His child I must save
Lee Shao Luna
Yoyo and Tiantian were tied to the park by Fei Ge. What?
Fei Ge asked you to come
Just let me exchange the two children.
You take me away
You don't want to die
That's not what I meant.
Can we think of something else?
I have decided
Aren't you still there?
I'll figure it out
Fei Ge, you are too much Luna
This is my heart
I don't even want my life for you
An hour later
I'll come to the park alone to find you, OK?
I've arranged it. Let's go.
Are you still not giving up on that bitch?
You don't want to live anymore
Anyway, all the evidence has been destroyed
Nobody's moving
So what if I wait?
It's evidence of Feige's crime
It hasn't been deleted yet.
Sure enough, God helped me too
Now you can blackmail Lin's Group again